1. An individual's identity and how they intersect is essential for self-awareness and the ability to examine how one's personal preconceptions and experiences shape the way they interact with other, solve problems, and communicate. 
1. Without understanding of privilege and oppression, and their closely related systemic issues, a person will not be able to fully engage with others in a global economy. If a person can only communicate and interface effectively with those within their own narrowly defined group, they are limited both professionally and socially.
1. Education is difficult in that it must present material in a way that is accessible to the largest number of individuals with vastly differing backgrounds and experiences. Knowing how my personal experiences both help and hinder the way I learn, and how I work with others will be essential to maximizing the benefit from my time at Turing.
1. Tech is relied on by the vast majority of humanity, and intersects virtually every group. With that in mind it is incredibly valuable to use an understanding of intersectionality to shape the way technology is written to increase accessibility to a potentially global client base, as well as to aid in working with others from very different backgrounds in an empathetic manner.
1. Identity and culture can be both great positives and negatives in a group setting. Differences of identity and culture can form the basis for very fundamental misunderstandings and conflict, but can also serve to produce results that combine the strengths of different experiences into something beyond what one individual would accomplish.
1. Empathy and the ability to step back from a problem or conflict and take a moment to realize that just because I see something in a certain way, that does not mean someone else sees it the same way. That the difference in opinion or view is something that needs to be communicated in a healthy way. I have barely scratched the surface of technology and coding, but from what I have seen so far, there are always multiple ways to go about a problem, so receptive, patient listening and respectful communication will be key.